Our dormitories often have a variety of things that can be destroyed, such as doors, windows, cabinets, etc. The general channel for our repairs is to call the logistics directly, but it is very troublesome. On the one hand, the students do not understand the commute time of the logistics, and the phone may also have a phone call, and the phone may not be clear. On the other hand, logistics receives daily repairs from a variety of student housing issues, sometimes forgetting some of the student's repairs, or having no time to process so many repairs at the same time.
Student and logistics problems:
1. Student dormitory maintenance problem
(1) Students' dormitories often have various kinds of damage, such as doors, windows, cabinets, etc.;
(2) Most students notify the maintenance personnel by telephone. Sometimes the phone will not work or the logistics personnel will ignore it because of too many maintenance problems, so that they cannot be repaired in time;
(3) It is not possible to agree on the time so well that no one is in the dormitory when it comes to maintenance.
2. Problems faced by logistics maintenance
(1) Students have too many problems in repairing, which is easy to be confused and reduce work efficiency;
(2) There will be no one in the student dormitory when the maintenance occurs, and the time will be delayed;
(3) Students are inaccurate in describing the maintenance problem and cannot prepare suitable tools;
(4) The problem cannot be well communicated, such as water stoppage, power outage, etc.
How to solve the problem:
The student group for this website is a student who lives in a dormitory and has maintenance problems. The logistics oriented is to enable the logistics to better understand the students' problems and solve the student maintenance problems more efficiently. There will be maintenance types on the website, students can choose according to their own needs, which requires logistics to put a variety of dormitory furniture under each category. Students need to apply for repairs and click on the repair, and then fill in their floor number, dormitory number, name, phone number, free time and pictures of things to be repaired. Logistics can see what everyone needs to fix and then assign tasks. This allows students to apply for repairs at any time and can quickly solve the problem of damage to dormitory items, without affecting students' daily life, and at the same time allowing logistics to solve problems more efficiently.
